excuse me
oh just
yeah
do do we want to
yeah to take over
for a second
um
well
you know
when i um
can i talk about meeting him
yeah that's so good okay
well
i know some people like um
hollywood and
she's like a
politically minded person you know
a political activist and um she was
really into david and
um
i started
yeah i think she's here hollywood
uh you mean like uh blogger
yeah like i made it in a text with her i
think she's here she was in our wedding
it seemed to jesus
hi holly anyways um
you know
and i started uh
reading more
about david and and
eventually um
you know i was playing a concert i
started following him and i was playing
a concert in london at victoria park a
really big festival
and so i knew that he was teaching at
the college
and uh i
asked him hey david would you like to go
to this concert i don't
really invite guests like other people
but
if you'd like you know you can come
backstage and just hang out and we'll
talk and stuff and
so he came and that was really cool and
we
talked about a bunch of things and then
um
uh
it was funny um
we were talking about cultural
anthropology and
silly stuff and i just said
i mentioned um
this these these ancient ruins in turkey
like the oldest ones they found
i can't pronounce it what does it go be
doubly techy or whatever it is
and um
i was like
it's really interesting because they've
always thought that a
society
turned to farming first and then
that built the cities and everybody
coming together and religion and all
this other stuff came out of that
uh when we stopped being i mean uh
complex religions but it turns out that
they
got all the hunters and gatherers
together to do this these temples
and then
agriculture came out of that
because it predates agriculture and
these are like stone
temples that were there before
anything else so he didn't know anything
about it but now i mean in the last
whatever
eight years everybody knows
but um basically you know uh
i'm really happy to to be here to honor
david and um he's such a unique person
um
yeah i can tell how i met you
david uh
tell to my son benjamin that he knows
until you come and he showed the
smoothie
and my i didn't know the band but my son
was like totally stunned he was like oh
my god no i can't believe it do you
really know this person so
dude it just grew up in his eyes like
tremendously
because it's turned out yeah you were a
celebrity and then we went to berlin to
your studio and you make us very healthy
cocktail with
something like
yeah and stuff like that
he's very very sweden
yeah i've been working tonight
yeah
what i really liked about david was uh
he's one of those people with a life
that
you're kind of like
i can't believe i'm getting away with
this like he was he he's smart in the
way chomps he's smart it's like
he knows exactly what he's talking about
so you can't really
you couldn't really mess with him with
uh
you know semantical arguments that that
don't make
sense you know like people that
his work you know what i'm saying
like it ultimately it led to a kind of
freedom for him and for other people i
think but especially for him
which is it was play for him serious
play
well because it's mad genius it's uh it
it
it's what i
imagine god to be like you know this
kind of playful
when you when you know something you
know
then then you're so comfortable in that
knowledge in a way like
he didn't have a lot of hostility
towards people
like even how frustrating that can be
when you
when
it's a lonely place sometimes
when you know that when you have that
kind of information you can articulate
it you know
and just the stupid arguments that
people make
to justify their existence
[Laughter]
our society the threads that hold
everything together i guess you know i
just thought it was really fascinating
talking to him and also just to see that
control you know and that the humorous
light touch to it to it
um
you know
i uh
i don't know you know i didn't
i i just think it's
he had many rare qualities you know and
they don't make people like that every
single day
you know
and uh several friends of mine were like
they just can't imagine all this
craziness in the world without
having that kind of
struc
it's like it's like having bones inside
you you know like the intellectual
scaffolding you know to hold on to you
know
no i'm not not with covet but just like
the
bs that's so funny that his book is like
jaws you know but really
the ultimate job is the facade
that everybody carries
to make society function you know that's
the ultimate job that everybody
has it's like these these uh false
constructs
that that are keeping everything
together
and that's what i found refreshing about
him is he was he was himself you know
what do you think he likes about your
music
because i think he was really fascinated
by you
well you know he jumped right in on a
really good show it was like crazy
you know not not every that's what i
love about music is that um
it's
like bull fighting in the sense
sometimes you win and sometimes the ball
wins and you sometimes the bulls winning
and you wrestle it to the ground i mean
and not to offend any vegans or animal
liberation people i'm just saying as a
metaphor
that's what i love about it is it can be
going so south and so wrong and you you
do something and then everything just
changes immediately in the perspective
and it's i love the jazz element
and he came on a very good day it was
just one of those days where
i woke up in london and i
sort of just prayed
just said
just let this go okay okay you know i
don't think about rock star things or
i'm gonna do this little
shake my butt in front of a mirror and
get the move down you know clap and turn
around or something i just want to play
good and i want everybody to be happy
and it was so strange because we were
playing and then the heavens opened up
with this rain but everybody in england
has the at festivals has their little
plastic and stuff and umbrellas
and i was just like oh
and then um i didn't notice it stopped
and we were playing behind this um it
was sort of a dome
on this big stage and i didn't i didn't
know but there was a double rainbow the
whole time so it was just
it was a really magical day and
the best part of it for me was you know
i invited back to the bus and we just
hung out and and talked and
we developed a friendship and then he he
introduced me to other people like that
and all like uh different people
you know
uh
what's his name he's caught from
have you ever met him it have yeah
github he's not here he's feeling uh
bad after the first uh
first injection but uh
yeah he was very very close
i think i i do do you want to
because i also want to i saw here katie
yogurt and david people who was uh
who actually like was doing this
carnival for david
and i just wanted them to say hi because
they if
um
you're supposed to to
to play music
i am supposed to play music how would i
do that
i don't know
i've got a recording though
you can do that i see i'm a bit shy
okay so maybe we should then uh we
should do the
the
concept later and just talk to you
um i don't know
what what should we do
yeah
do we have neil play